Add rfx (#1063)
aharris88/awesome-cli: readme.md

- [srgn](https://github.com/alexpovel/srgn/) - A grep-like tool which understands code syntax and also allows for manipulation.
- [rawhide](https://github.com/raforg/rawhide) - Find files using pretty C expressions.
- [semantic-grep](https://github.com/arunsupe/semantic-grep) - A tool for semantic search using word embeddings (e.g. search for "death" and find "dead", "killing", "murder".)

> - [rfx](https://github.com/reflex-search/reflex) - Instant code-aware search for text, symbols, and import graphs across any local codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [reflex](https://github.com/reflex-search/reflex) - Instant, offline, code-aware search for text, symbols, and import graphs.
```
